Random SMB 2 Stuff. By ICB. Version 4.

Fixes in Version 4:
-Fixed a major bug where the game would crash if you tried to pick up a veggie, bomb, or POW block and there were no free sprite slots available.

Fixes in Version 3:
-Fixed the problem with both sand blocks generating coins. I accidentally saved the coin sand as regular sand. oops!
-Fixed the problem with the cape making the sand block freeze the rom.
-Fixed the problem with the cape powerup not letting you pick veggies unless ducking. Still working on 
	the same issue with fire Mario. 
-Added a SFX file for a more accurate digging sound to be inserted with Romi's new addmusic.

NOTE: All blocks for BTSD! I will not make them for old blocktool as this would require offsets and I don't feel
like messing with offsets. Seriously, make a backup of your rom, and try BTSD. It's so much better.

Included in this package:

BLOCKS:
sand.asm - A block that acts like the diggable sand from SMB 2. Press Y or X to dig. It is solid on top
	but you can walk through the sides. Set "Act as": 100

sandcoin.asm - Just like the sand block, except it hides a coin! Set "Act as": 100

bombplant.asm - The planted Bob-omb from SMB 2. Press X or Y to pluck it from the ground. It 
	has a short fuse, but if you kick it, it will reset. Set "Act as": 25

veggieplant.asm - A planted Vegetable that you can pluck out of the ground and throw at enemies.
	Requires the Veggie sprite (Change the sprite number accordingly in the asm file). Set "Act as": 25

powblock.asm - A block that Mario can pick up, which turns into the pow block from SMB 2. Set "Act as": 130 or 25

SPRITES:
veggie.asm and veggie.cfg - This is the throwable vegetable for the veggie plant block.
powblock_sprite.asm and powblock_sprite.cfg - This throwable block kills all enemies on screen and turns them into coins.
	Use with powblock.asm block.

EXGFX:
-smb2sprites.bin - (sp4) The SMB2 sprites ExGFX file with Pow Block, veggies and Bob-omb.
-smb2exanim_plus_sand.bin - Exanimation for Pow Block (Pal 2), plant (pal 4) and sand (not for Exanimation. Move
	this one to your FG bin file and use custom palette.)

SFX:
dig.txt is a sound effect to be installed with Romi's new addmusic. Put it in the folder for 1DFC or 1DF9, and set it in 
	sound effects .ini file, then change the sound in the block asm accordingly.